and they are always gameplay in one piece great
bounce the and well this is a game that
did in 2005 for playstation2 and if not
I was wrong was the first one piece that
went out for double playstation of battle
because those played in play 3 because not
I have a project it's a shame but good and
more little things and I went back to upload a video to
secondary channel that is this one that
you are watching right now but also
I'm going to upload a video to the main channel
call of duty if you want to go to or
10 and 10 o'clock in Spain
I will have uploaded a video to the primal channel
main call of duty and tomorrow there will be
a video of dragon ball or also the
main channel to the whole is well said
good wampis wampis I wanted to go up
a video that was not Naruto's and
dragon ball to the anime secondary channel
the truth and I had this for lawsuits and
I decided to play it and I say good I'm going to do
a video of this one because I think
funny and good let's play against
buggy because he was the first enemy with
the one that a lot of light and if I achieve it
wrong and in the boat because no
the little boat and good wampis to me
it seems unanimous of well sincerely 10
of 1710 pussy honestly because it's a
very good animal my point of view and I
I stayed when they grew up or when
spent the years that were gone
before nothing and I stayed in this game not
I am good and they are not specialized
with pisco
tranquility
here is stronger seems a
superspecial success he gave me a
beating not for example right now I
it is a beating to lower spirits without getting
a few fruits
taken does not raise or attentive
and I was still trying to follow fruit guys
before continuing to fight to make him a
super special attack to the definitive
lutfi until the one you choose
crocodiles if I'm not wrong but
I need to get like a few
down that I've fallen a few
objects down here has stayed
blocked during objects and a fruit
like the ones I have now and I think I was born
well like this and this is nothing more than the carrying
chill chill
nothing happens
unfortunate that sincerely is that what
they try practice activity in
activity in practice and I liked it
honestly it 's special I was even
cured and I'm not exaggerating that some
naruto specials new from the
half revolution like this I get
true
and the water is over with you
very if I tell you true and calm
here what not
Attentive this special with light
what can be done when I was a
beating that has much less life than him
then yes by angel this special
If you do not have this, you are gaining in life
you can not do this special and good
Well, here you have to think first
it was not going to make winter a beating
but he did comment on a beating without
that the good truth has come out
quite in the second third battle
what I try
and I had recorded many years ago
dani in his time and I do not understand how I
I did not play it before the truth I think that
because at that time I was not a fan of
one pitt but we are fit for my
part
unfortunate
I make myself
the most difficult thing about this man
I like this hatred is stronger
I'm leaving
if we give it whole
stronger
I'm going to put
head
to the limit with this they give me to
March I was going to say to have more
power and can make him a defensive
funny is funny
I shit take action as one
and so not another cat and I live
equal limit then guys if you want that
upload more videos of this game because I
there is a funny and funny
honestly at least I plan on going
to eat that is eating a computer or
a quick video so to see these
videos
and if you want more anime videos in the
secondary channel, but the
comments and if you want more videos of
this one pita in form in the
comments that I find very funny
it could also unblock the whole world
which I want to use is this one
this guy gave me this trouble
I liked it a lot in this game I remember
I anime gives a beating with this
miserable character and nothing and do not see
next video and I hope you like it
this video that a little different than what
you are only normally but not from
anime of a lifetime but let's see if
you like guys in plan it seems
quite al al smash bros or also more
or less style and anything not die
next video and nothing encouraged me even
I raise the secondary channel monitor that
who knows in a number feels half alive
with pee man that seems to me not only
improvement or joke